Freshdesk cloud extract source (#1015)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/extract/common-settings.mdx

### Incremental

> In this mode, RudderStack syncs or replicates only the **new** or **modified** data starting from the date you specify in the **Start Date** RudderStack dashboard setting. It does not replicate the data that has been already synced before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, RudderStack syncs or replicates only the **new** or **modified** data starting from the date specified in the **Start Date** RudderStack dashboard setting. It does not replicate the data that has been already synced before.
```

<div class="infoBlock">
During the incremental syncs, RudderStack only updates the the existing rows that have been modified as opposed to adding a new version of the row with the updated data.
</div>

<div class="warningBlock">

> Any resource that supports the <strong>Incremental</strong> sync mode also supports <strong>Full Refresh</strong>, by default. To sync your data using the <strong>Full Refresh</strong> mode in such cases, you need to <a href="mailto:support@rudderstack.com">contact the RudderStack team</a>.

Reviewer 2: clarification: The use case for this would be when the data got corrupted in the destination somehow and client wants to sync total data again.

> Any resource that supports the <strong>Incremental</strong> sync mode also supports <strong>Full Refresh</strong>, by default. You can <a href="mailto:support@rudderstack.com">contact the RudderStack team</a> to sync your data using the <strong>Full Refresh</strong> mode in case your destination's data gets corrupted and you want to sync it all over again.

Reviewer: user may want to sync all of their data regardless of the corruption scenario.

</div>

### Semi-Incremental

> This sync mode is a combination of **Full Refresh** and **Incremental** sync modes. RudderStack reads all the data from the source and filters it to sync only the new or modified data starting from the date you specify in the **Start Date** RudderStack dashboard setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sync mode is a combination of **Full Refresh** and **Incremental** sync modes. RudderStack reads all the data from the source and filters it to sync only the new or modified data starting from the date specified in the **Start Date** RudderStack dashboard setting.
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> Data synced in the Semi-Incremental mode is exactly the same as in the Incremental mode. The only difference is that RudderStack internally filters the data to be synced instead of the source API in the Semi-Incremental mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data synced in the <strong>Semi-Incremental</strong> mode is exactly the same as in the <strong>Incremental mode</strong>. The only difference is that in the <strong>Semi-Incremental</strong> mode, RudderStack internally filters the data to be synced instead of the source API.
```
